# AMCaltor

A Test Q&A Forcast Tool for College Mathmatics Learning-in-process System of NEU(China).

This program is part of the tool kit NEU Mathe.

The project is powered by C# and E language. Files with a suffix .e are written with E language, which is a commercial software.

**Warning: Since the update on Dec 23, 2016, the question resources are stored under encryption. The program doesn't work entirely well any more. **  
Further maintenance is needed, however, not planned.  
You can change the download source to an address holding previous resources, or contribute a decrypt module.

## Usage

Download binary executive file from the [Release Page](https://github.com/NEU-mathe/AMCaltor/releases).

Run the program.

After some necessary configuration, click the button _试题感知_. Select the test you wanna get, and then confirm.

An office software is required to be installed in your computer. Either MS Word or WPS Writter is ok.

The program has two independent modules, _Process Explore_ and _Exam Sense_.
**Exam Sense** is based on the fact that each student's exam paper will be generated as soon as the exam publishes. It might change but not so frequently.
Sensing the exam paper looks just like clicking the menu _考试管理_ in the real exam system, except with the question set downloaded from ftp. Thus this behaviour is considered safe.
**Process Explore** copy the answer resources before the exam system delete it. It is the method taken in the old version. However, it didn't perform so well. So we recommend you to use _Exam Sense_ even we didn't remove the _Process Explore_ module.

## Tips

The options of each question in test paper generated by this program are **in a fixed order** (The first option is the correct one), so that it's very convenient to get answers using this program.
If you would like to have a simulate test (with your own real test questions, all options **disorganized randomly**), use [PersonalizedExercise](https://github.com/NEU-mathe/PersonalizedExercise) instead.

## Contribute

This series of tools do not have a specified person or team to maintain, developers ususally spare no time on it since they don't use it anymore. Thus, we are in an urgent need of your contribution. Contribute by fork and pull request to promote human emancipation. Thanks and have a good day.
